*Welcome to Qantas Virtual Group, cadet! We are super glad you're here.* 
_Are you ready to begin your journey with the Spirit of Australia?_
Take a look below at the helpful tips on how to get started to make the most of your pilot career with us.
Need more help? Download our training manual below for an in-depth tutorial on every aspect of Qantas Virtual, from filing PIREPs to daily operations:
https://ifqantasvirtual.com/Training-Manual.pdf

_Ready to fly? Let's go._

So you want to fly? If you're new around here, your first flights will be 2 short and easy flights done in our training aircraft, the TBM-930. These flights will take you in and around the Queensland countyside and gives a new pilot the chance to practice the basics of flying.
It also gives a new pilot a chance to learn how to File a PIREP (Pilot Report) via our brand new Crew Centre.

*The flights:*
QFA9001: Start at YBBN (Brisbane) and fly to YBWW (Toowoomba)
QFA9002: Fly at least 4 Touch and Goes at YBWW (Toowoomba)
More information about these flights and how to do them can be found in the training manual - It is strongly encouraged that you thoroughly read through this document if you haven’t done so already as it contains a lot of necessary information you need to know. 
**We request that these training flights are done in the first 14 days of joining.**

After completing and filing our ‘starter’ flights you will be ready to move on to our Regional aircraft and later the Domestic and International fleet. Each aircraft has 2-3 Training Flights (Type Rating/Check Flights) that we request are completed before flying line flights with the aircraft.
As you progress through the ranks you will be able to unlock more flight schedules and fly different routes, all based on the Qantas and Jetstar real life routes.

*Important information regarding screenshots:*
Our policy is that for all training flights and flights over 2 hours, a screenshot at the end of the flight must be sent to one of our flight logging channels. Please include the Flight Time and Fuel Used in the HUD at the bottom - this makes it a lot easier for us to verify your reports. 
Failure to submit evidence for your flight will result in a rejection.

If you need assistance with anything, please do not hesitate to contact one of our friendly staff members.
You should also check out the resources page on our crew centre as it contains many files and items that will help answer your questions.

Thank you for choosing to fly with Qantas Virtual Group. 
We wish you a rewarding pilot career with us - You won't regret it!

Happy Flying! :qf:
